Feat: Adding different usecase for AWS, incl. basic documentation for AWS usage (#207)
joe-elliott/cert-exporter: docs/deploy.md

### environment variables

cert-exporter respects the `NODE_NAME` environment variable.  If present it will add this value as label to file metrics.  See one of the [deployment yamls](./kops-nodes.yaml) for an example of using the [Kubernetes Downward API](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/downward-api-volume-expose-pod-information/) to make use of this feature.

> ### AWS

Reviewer: thank you for improved docs 🙏

cert-exporter is able to check secrets in AWS Secret Manager. The following arguments exist for monitoring certificates in AWS Secret Manager:

```
  -aws-account string
        AWS account to search for secrets in

>   -aws-key-string string

Reviewer: maybe `aws-key-substring`? since it's doing a substring search for this value?

Author: Sounds good to me! Applied it.

>         Name of the key to check in secrets (default ".pem")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Substring to search for in the key name. Matched keys are parsed as certs. (default ".pem")
```
